# MonitoringEventSubscription

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Self** | Pointer to **string** | string formatted according to IETF RFC 3986 identifying a referenced resource. | [optional] 
**SupportedFeatures** | Pointer to **string** | A string used to indicate the features supported by an API that is used as defined in clause  6.6 in 3GPP TS 29.500. The string shall contain a bitmask indicating supported features in  hexadecimal representation Each character in the string shall take a value of \&quot;0\&quot; to \&quot;9\&quot;,  \&quot;a\&quot; to \&quot;f\&quot; or \&quot;A\&quot; to \&quot;F\&quot; and shall represent the support of 4 features as described in  table 5.2.2-3. The most significant character representing the highest-numbered features shall  appear first in the string, and the character representing features 1 to 4 shall appear last  in the string. The list of features and their numbering (starting with 1) are defined  separately for each API. If the string contains a lower number of characters than there are  defined features for an API, all features that would be represented by characters that are not  present in the string are not supported.  | [optional] 
**MtcProviderId** | Pointer to **string** | Identifies the MTC Service Provider and/or MTC Application. | [optional] 
**ExternalId** | Pointer to **string** | string containing a local identifier followed by \&quot;@\&quot; and a domain identifier. Both the local identifier and the domain identifier shall be encoded as strings that do not contain any \&quot;@\&quot; characters. See Clause 4.6.2 of 3GPP TS 23.682 for more information. | [optional] 
**Msisdn** | Pointer to **string** | string formatted according to clause 3.3 of 3GPP TS 23.003 that describes an MSISDN. | [optional] 
**AddedExternalIds** | Pointer to **[]string** | Indicates the added external Identifier(s) within the active group. | [optional] 
**AddedMsisdns** | Pointer to **[]string** | Indicates the added MSISDN(s) within the active group. | [optional] 
**ExcludedExternalIds** | Pointer to **[]string** | Indicates cancellation of the external Identifier(s) within the active group. | [optional] 
**ExcludedMsisdns** | Pointer to **[]string** | Indicates cancellation of the MSISDN(s) within the active group. | [optional] 
**ExternalGroupId** | Pointer to **string** | string containing a local identifier followed by \&quot;@\&quot; and a domain identifier. Both the local identifier and the domain identifier shall be encoded as strings that do not contain any \&quot;@\&quot; characters. See Clauses 4.6.2 and 4.6.3 of 3GPP TS 23.682 for more information. | [optional] 
**AddExtGroupId** | Pointer to **[]string** |  | [optional] 
**Ipv4Addr** | Pointer to **string** | string identifying a Ipv4 address formatted in the \&quot;dotted decimal\&quot; notation as defined in IETF RFC 1166. | [optional] 
**Ipv6Addr** | Pointer to **string** | string identifying a Ipv6 address formatted according to clause 4 in IETF RFC 5952. The mixed Ipv4 Ipv6 notation according to clause 5 of IETF RFC 5952 shall not be used. | [optional] 
**Dnn** | Pointer to **string** | String representing a Data Network as defined in clause 9A of 3GPP TS 23.003;  it shall contain either a DNN Network Identifier, or a full DNN with both the Network  Identifier and Operator Identifier, as specified in 3GPP TS 23.003 clause 9.1.1 and 9.1.2. It shall be coded as string in which the labels are separated by dots  (e.g. \&quot;Label1.Label2.Label3\&quot;).  | [optional] 
**NotificationDestination** | **string** | string formatted according to IETF RFC 3986 identifying a referenced resource. | 
**RequestTestNotification** | Pointer to **bool** | Set to true by the SCS/AS to request the SCEF to send a test notification as defined in clause 5.2.5.3. Set to false or omitted otherwise. | [optional] 
**WebsockNotifConfig** | Pointer to [**WebsockNotifConfig**](WebsockNotifConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**MonitoringType** | [**MonitoringType**](MonitoringType.md) |  | 
**MaximumNumberOfReports** | Pointer to **int32** | Identifies the maximum number of event reports to be generated by the HSS, MME/SGSN as specified in clause 5.6.0 of 3GPP TS 23.682. | [optional] 
**MonitorExpireTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** | string with format \&quot;date-time\&quot; as defined in OpenAPI. | [optional] 
**RepPeriod** | Pointer to **int32** | Unsigned integer identifying a period of time in units of seconds. | [optional] 
**GroupReportGuardTime** | Pointer to **int32** | Unsigned integer identifying a period of time in units of seconds. | [optional] 
**MaximumDetectionTime** | Pointer to **int32** | Unsigned integer identifying a period of time in units of seconds. | [optional] 
**ReachabilityType** | Pointer to [**ReachabilityType**](ReachabilityType.md) |  | [optional] 
**MaximumLatency** | Pointer to **int32** | Unsigned integer identifying a period of time in units of seconds. | [optional] 
**MaximumResponseTime** | Pointer to **int32** | Unsigned integer identifying a period of time in units of seconds. | [optional] 
**SuggestedNumberOfDlPackets** | Pointer to **int32** | If \&quot;monitoringType\&quot; is \&quot;UE_REACHABILITY\&quot;, this parameter may be included to identify the number of packets that the serving gateway shall buffer in case that the UE is not reachable. | [optional] 
**IdleStatusIndication** | Pointer to **bool** | If \&quot;monitoringType\&quot; is set to \&quot;UE_REACHABILITY\&quot; or \&quot;AVAILABILITY_AFTER_DDN_FAILURE\&quot;, this parameter may be included to indicate the notification of when a UE, for which PSM is enabled, transitions into idle mode. \&quot;true\&quot;  indicates enabling of notification; \&quot;false\&quot;  indicate no need to notify. Default value is \&quot;false\&quot;. | [optional] 
**LocationType** | Pointer to [**LocationType**](LocationType.md) |  | [optional] 
**Accuracy** | Pointer to [**Accuracy**](Accuracy.md) |  | [optional] 
**MinimumReportInterval** | Pointer to **int32** | Unsigned integer identifying a period of time in units of seconds. | [optional] 
**MaxRptExpireIntvl** | Pointer to **int32** | Unsigned integer identifying a period of time in units of seconds. | [optional] 
**SamplingInterval** | Pointer to **int32** | Unsigned integer identifying a period of time in units of seconds. | [optional] 
**ReportingLocEstInd** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether to request the location estimate for event reporting. | [optional] 
**LinearDistance** | Pointer to **int32** | Minimum straight line distance moved by a UE to trigger a motion event report. | [optional] 
**LocQoS** | Pointer to [**LocationQoS**](LocationQoS.md) |  | [optional] 
**SvcId** | Pointer to **string** | Contains the service identity | [optional] 
**LdrType** | Pointer to [**LdrType**](LdrType.md) |  | [optional] 
**VelocityRequested** | Pointer to [**VelocityRequested**](VelocityRequested.md) |  | [optional] 
**MaxAgeOfLocEst** | Pointer to **int32** | Indicates value of the age of the location estimate. | [optional] 
**LocTimeWindow** | Pointer to [**TimeWindow**](TimeWindow.md) |  | [optional] 
**SupportedGADShapes** | Pointer to [**[]SupportedGADShapes**](SupportedGADShapes.md) |  | [optional] 
**CodeWord** | Pointer to **string** | Contains the codeword | [optional] 
**AssociationType** | Pointer to [**AssociationType**](AssociationType.md) |  | [optional] 
**PlmnIndication** | Pointer to **bool** | If \&quot;monitoringType\&quot; is \&quot;ROAMING_STATUS\&quot;, this parameter may be included to indicate the notification of UE&#39;s Serving PLMN ID. Value \&quot;true\&quot; indicates enabling of notification; \&quot;false\&quot; indicates disabling of notification. Default value is \&quot;false\&quot;. | [optional] 
**LocationArea** | Pointer to [**LocationArea**](LocationArea.md) |  | [optional] 
**LocationArea5G** | Pointer to [**LocationArea5G**](LocationArea5G.md) |  | [optional] 
**DddTraDescriptors** | Pointer to [**[]DddTrafficDescriptor**](DddTrafficDescriptor.md) |  | [optional] 
**DddStati** | Pointer to [**[]DlDataDeliveryStatus**](DlDataDeliveryStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**ApiNames** | Pointer to **[]string** |  | [optional] 
**MonitoringEventReport** | Pointer to [**MonitoringEventReport**](MonitoringEventReport.md) |  | [optional] 
**Snssai** | Pointer to [**Snssai**](Snssai.md) |  | [optional] 
**TgtNsThreshold** | Pointer to [**SACInfo**](SACInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**NsRepFormat** | Pointer to [**SACRepFormat**](SACRepFormat.md) |  | [optional] 
**AfServiceId** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**ImmediateRep** | Pointer to **bool** |  | [optional] 
**UavPolicy** | Pointer to [**UavPolicy**](UavPolicy.md) |  | [optional] 
**SesEstInd** | Pointer to **bool** | Set to true by the SCS/AS so that only UAV&#39;s with \&quot;PDU session established for DNN(s) subject to aerial service\&quot; are to be listed in the Event report. Set to false or omitted otherwise. | [optional] 
**SubType** | Pointer to [**SubType**](SubType.md) |  | [optional] 
**AddnMonTypes** | Pointer to [**[]MonitoringType**](MonitoringType.md) |  | [optional] 
**AddnMonEventReports** | Pointer to [**[]MonitoringEventReport**](MonitoringEventReport.md) |  | [optional] 
**UeIpAddr** | Pointer to [**IpAddr**](IpAddr.md) |  | [optional] 
**UeMacAddr** | Pointer to **string** | String identifying a MAC address formatted in the hexadecimal notation according to clause 1.1 and clause 2.1 of RFC 7042.  | [optional] 
**RevocationNotifUri** | Pointer to **string** | string providing an URI formatted according to IETF RFC 3986. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewMonitoringEventSubscription

`func NewMonitoringEventSubscription(notificationDestination string, monitoringType MonitoringType, ) *MonitoringEventSubscription`

NewMonitoringEventSubscription instantiates a new MonitoringEventSubscription object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewMonitoringEventSubscriptionWithDefaults

`func NewMonitoringEventSubscriptionWithDefaults() *MonitoringEventSubscription`

NewMonitoringEventSubscriptionWithDefaults instantiates a new MonitoringEventSubscription object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetSelf

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSelf() string`

GetSelf returns the Self field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSelfOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSelfOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSelfOk returns a tuple with the Self field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSelf

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetSelf(v string)`

SetSelf sets Self field to given value.

### HasSelf

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasSelf() bool`

HasSelf returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSupportedFeatures

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSupportedFeatures() string`

GetSupportedFeatures returns the SupportedFeatures field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSupportedFeaturesOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSupportedFeaturesOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSupportedFeaturesOk returns a tuple with the SupportedFeatures field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSupportedFeatures

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetSupportedFeatures(v string)`

SetSupportedFeatures sets SupportedFeatures field to given value.

### HasSupportedFeatures

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasSupportedFeatures() bool`

HasSupportedFeatures returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMtcProviderId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMtcProviderId() string`

GetMtcProviderId returns the MtcProviderId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMtcProviderIdOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMtcProviderIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMtcProviderIdOk returns a tuple with the MtcProviderId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMtcProviderId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetMtcProviderId(v string)`

SetMtcProviderId sets MtcProviderId field to given value.

### HasMtcProviderId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasMtcProviderId() bool`

HasMtcProviderId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExternalId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetExternalId() string`

GetExternalId returns the ExternalId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExternalIdOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetExternalIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetExternalIdOk returns a tuple with the ExternalId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExternalId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetExternalId(v string)`

SetExternalId sets ExternalId field to given value.

### HasExternalId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasExternalId() bool`

HasExternalId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMsisdn

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMsisdn() string`

GetMsisdn returns the Msisdn field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMsisdnOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMsisdnOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMsisdnOk returns a tuple with the Msisdn field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMsisdn

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetMsisdn(v string)`

SetMsisdn sets Msisdn field to given value.

### HasMsisdn

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasMsisdn() bool`

HasMsisdn returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAddedExternalIds

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAddedExternalIds() []string`

GetAddedExternalIds returns the AddedExternalIds field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddedExternalIdsOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAddedExternalIdsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetAddedExternalIdsOk returns a tuple with the AddedExternalIds field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddedExternalIds

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetAddedExternalIds(v []string)`

SetAddedExternalIds sets AddedExternalIds field to given value.

### HasAddedExternalIds

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasAddedExternalIds() bool`

HasAddedExternalIds returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAddedMsisdns

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAddedMsisdns() []string`

GetAddedMsisdns returns the AddedMsisdns field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddedMsisdnsOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAddedMsisdnsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetAddedMsisdnsOk returns a tuple with the AddedMsisdns field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddedMsisdns

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetAddedMsisdns(v []string)`

SetAddedMsisdns sets AddedMsisdns field to given value.

### HasAddedMsisdns

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasAddedMsisdns() bool`

HasAddedMsisdns returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExcludedExternalIds

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetExcludedExternalIds() []string`

GetExcludedExternalIds returns the ExcludedExternalIds field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExcludedExternalIdsOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetExcludedExternalIdsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetExcludedExternalIdsOk returns a tuple with the ExcludedExternalIds field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExcludedExternalIds

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetExcludedExternalIds(v []string)`

SetExcludedExternalIds sets ExcludedExternalIds field to given value.

### HasExcludedExternalIds

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasExcludedExternalIds() bool`

HasExcludedExternalIds returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExcludedMsisdns

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetExcludedMsisdns() []string`

GetExcludedMsisdns returns the ExcludedMsisdns field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExcludedMsisdnsOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetExcludedMsisdnsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetExcludedMsisdnsOk returns a tuple with the ExcludedMsisdns field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExcludedMsisdns

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetExcludedMsisdns(v []string)`

SetExcludedMsisdns sets ExcludedMsisdns field to given value.

### HasExcludedMsisdns

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasExcludedMsisdns() bool`

HasExcludedMsisdns returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExternalGroupId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetExternalGroupId() string`

GetExternalGroupId returns the ExternalGroupId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExternalGroupIdOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetExternalGroupIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetExternalGroupIdOk returns a tuple with the ExternalGroupId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExternalGroupId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetExternalGroupId(v string)`

SetExternalGroupId sets ExternalGroupId field to given value.

### HasExternalGroupId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasExternalGroupId() bool`

HasExternalGroupId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAddExtGroupId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAddExtGroupId() []string`

GetAddExtGroupId returns the AddExtGroupId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddExtGroupIdOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAddExtGroupIdOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetAddExtGroupIdOk returns a tuple with the AddExtGroupId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddExtGroupId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetAddExtGroupId(v []string)`

SetAddExtGroupId sets AddExtGroupId field to given value.

### HasAddExtGroupId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasAddExtGroupId() bool`

HasAddExtGroupId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIpv4Addr

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetIpv4Addr() string`

GetIpv4Addr returns the Ipv4Addr field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIpv4AddrOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetIpv4AddrOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIpv4AddrOk returns a tuple with the Ipv4Addr field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIpv4Addr

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetIpv4Addr(v string)`

SetIpv4Addr sets Ipv4Addr field to given value.

### HasIpv4Addr

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasIpv4Addr() bool`

HasIpv4Addr returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIpv6Addr

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetIpv6Addr() string`

GetIpv6Addr returns the Ipv6Addr field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIpv6AddrOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetIpv6AddrOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIpv6AddrOk returns a tuple with the Ipv6Addr field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIpv6Addr

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetIpv6Addr(v string)`

SetIpv6Addr sets Ipv6Addr field to given value.

### HasIpv6Addr

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasIpv6Addr() bool`

HasIpv6Addr returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDnn

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetDnn() string`

GetDnn returns the Dnn field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDnnOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetDnnOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDnnOk returns a tuple with the Dnn field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDnn

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetDnn(v string)`

SetDnn sets Dnn field to given value.

### HasDnn

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasDnn() bool`

HasDnn returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNotificationDestination

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetNotificationDestination() string`

GetNotificationDestination returns the NotificationDestination field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNotificationDestinationOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetNotificationDestinationOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNotificationDestinationOk returns a tuple with the NotificationDestination field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNotificationDestination

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetNotificationDestination(v string)`

SetNotificationDestination sets NotificationDestination field to given value.


### GetRequestTestNotification

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetRequestTestNotification() bool`

GetRequestTestNotification returns the RequestTestNotification field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRequestTestNotificationOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetRequestTestNotificationOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetRequestTestNotificationOk returns a tuple with the RequestTestNotification field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRequestTestNotification

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetRequestTestNotification(v bool)`

SetRequestTestNotification sets RequestTestNotification field to given value.

### HasRequestTestNotification

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasRequestTestNotification() bool`

HasRequestTestNotification returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetWebsockNotifConfig

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetWebsockNotifConfig() WebsockNotifConfig`

GetWebsockNotifConfig returns the WebsockNotifConfig field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetWebsockNotifConfigOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetWebsockNotifConfigOk() (*WebsockNotifConfig, bool)`

GetWebsockNotifConfigOk returns a tuple with the WebsockNotifConfig field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetWebsockNotifConfig

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetWebsockNotifConfig(v WebsockNotifConfig)`

SetWebsockNotifConfig sets WebsockNotifConfig field to given value.

### HasWebsockNotifConfig

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasWebsockNotifConfig() bool`

HasWebsockNotifConfig returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMonitoringType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMonitoringType() MonitoringType`

GetMonitoringType returns the MonitoringType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMonitoringTypeOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMonitoringTypeOk() (*MonitoringType, bool)`

GetMonitoringTypeOk returns a tuple with the MonitoringType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMonitoringType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetMonitoringType(v MonitoringType)`

SetMonitoringType sets MonitoringType field to given value.


### GetMaximumNumberOfReports

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMaximumNumberOfReports() int32`

GetMaximumNumberOfReports returns the MaximumNumberOfReports field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaximumNumberOfReportsOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMaximumNumberOfReportsOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaximumNumberOfReportsOk returns a tuple with the MaximumNumberOfReports field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaximumNumberOfReports

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetMaximumNumberOfReports(v int32)`

SetMaximumNumberOfReports sets MaximumNumberOfReports field to given value.

### HasMaximumNumberOfReports

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasMaximumNumberOfReports() bool`

HasMaximumNumberOfReports returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMonitorExpireTime

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMonitorExpireTime() time.Time`

GetMonitorExpireTime returns the MonitorExpireTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMonitorExpireTimeOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMonitorExpireTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetMonitorExpireTimeOk returns a tuple with the MonitorExpireTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMonitorExpireTime

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetMonitorExpireTime(v time.Time)`

SetMonitorExpireTime sets MonitorExpireTime field to given value.

### HasMonitorExpireTime

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasMonitorExpireTime() bool`

HasMonitorExpireTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRepPeriod

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetRepPeriod() int32`

GetRepPeriod returns the RepPeriod field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRepPeriodOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetRepPeriodOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetRepPeriodOk returns a tuple with the RepPeriod field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRepPeriod

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetRepPeriod(v int32)`

SetRepPeriod sets RepPeriod field to given value.

### HasRepPeriod

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasRepPeriod() bool`

HasRepPeriod returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetGroupReportGuardTime

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetGroupReportGuardTime() int32`

GetGroupReportGuardTime returns the GroupReportGuardTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetGroupReportGuardTimeOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetGroupReportGuardTimeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetGroupReportGuardTimeOk returns a tuple with the GroupReportGuardTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetGroupReportGuardTime

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetGroupReportGuardTime(v int32)`

SetGroupReportGuardTime sets GroupReportGuardTime field to given value.

### HasGroupReportGuardTime

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasGroupReportGuardTime() bool`

HasGroupReportGuardTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMaximumDetectionTime

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMaximumDetectionTime() int32`

GetMaximumDetectionTime returns the MaximumDetectionTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaximumDetectionTimeOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMaximumDetectionTimeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaximumDetectionTimeOk returns a tuple with the MaximumDetectionTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaximumDetectionTime

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetMaximumDetectionTime(v int32)`

SetMaximumDetectionTime sets MaximumDetectionTime field to given value.

### HasMaximumDetectionTime

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasMaximumDetectionTime() bool`

HasMaximumDetectionTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReachabilityType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetReachabilityType() ReachabilityType`

GetReachabilityType returns the ReachabilityType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReachabilityTypeOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetReachabilityTypeOk() (*ReachabilityType, bool)`

GetReachabilityTypeOk returns a tuple with the ReachabilityType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReachabilityType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetReachabilityType(v ReachabilityType)`

SetReachabilityType sets ReachabilityType field to given value.

### HasReachabilityType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasReachabilityType() bool`

HasReachabilityType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMaximumLatency

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMaximumLatency() int32`

GetMaximumLatency returns the MaximumLatency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaximumLatencyOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMaximumLatencyOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaximumLatencyOk returns a tuple with the MaximumLatency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaximumLatency

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetMaximumLatency(v int32)`

SetMaximumLatency sets MaximumLatency field to given value.

### HasMaximumLatency

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasMaximumLatency() bool`

HasMaximumLatency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMaximumResponseTime

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMaximumResponseTime() int32`

GetMaximumResponseTime returns the MaximumResponseTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaximumResponseTimeOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMaximumResponseTimeOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaximumResponseTimeOk returns a tuple with the MaximumResponseTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaximumResponseTime

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetMaximumResponseTime(v int32)`

SetMaximumResponseTime sets MaximumResponseTime field to given value.

### HasMaximumResponseTime

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasMaximumResponseTime() bool`

HasMaximumResponseTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSuggestedNumberOfDlPackets

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSuggestedNumberOfDlPackets() int32`

GetSuggestedNumberOfDlPackets returns the SuggestedNumberOfDlPackets field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSuggestedNumberOfDlPacketsOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSuggestedNumberOfDlPacketsOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetSuggestedNumberOfDlPacketsOk returns a tuple with the SuggestedNumberOfDlPackets field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSuggestedNumberOfDlPackets

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetSuggestedNumberOfDlPackets(v int32)`

SetSuggestedNumberOfDlPackets sets SuggestedNumberOfDlPackets field to given value.

### HasSuggestedNumberOfDlPackets

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasSuggestedNumberOfDlPackets() bool`

HasSuggestedNumberOfDlPackets returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIdleStatusIndication

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetIdleStatusIndication() bool`

GetIdleStatusIndication returns the IdleStatusIndication field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdleStatusIndicationOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetIdleStatusIndicationOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIdleStatusIndicationOk returns a tuple with the IdleStatusIndication field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIdleStatusIndication

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetIdleStatusIndication(v bool)`

SetIdleStatusIndication sets IdleStatusIndication field to given value.

### HasIdleStatusIndication

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasIdleStatusIndication() bool`

HasIdleStatusIndication returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLocationType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetLocationType() LocationType`

GetLocationType returns the LocationType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLocationTypeOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetLocationTypeOk() (*LocationType, bool)`

GetLocationTypeOk returns a tuple with the LocationType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLocationType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetLocationType(v LocationType)`

SetLocationType sets LocationType field to given value.

### HasLocationType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasLocationType() bool`

HasLocationType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAccuracy

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAccuracy() Accuracy`

GetAccuracy returns the Accuracy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccuracyOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAccuracyOk() (*Accuracy, bool)`

GetAccuracyOk returns a tuple with the Accuracy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccuracy

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetAccuracy(v Accuracy)`

SetAccuracy sets Accuracy field to given value.

### HasAccuracy

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasAccuracy() bool`

HasAccuracy returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMinimumReportInterval

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMinimumReportInterval() int32`

GetMinimumReportInterval returns the MinimumReportInterval field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMinimumReportIntervalOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMinimumReportIntervalOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMinimumReportIntervalOk returns a tuple with the MinimumReportInterval field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMinimumReportInterval

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetMinimumReportInterval(v int32)`

SetMinimumReportInterval sets MinimumReportInterval field to given value.

### HasMinimumReportInterval

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasMinimumReportInterval() bool`

HasMinimumReportInterval returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMaxRptExpireIntvl

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMaxRptExpireIntvl() int32`

GetMaxRptExpireIntvl returns the MaxRptExpireIntvl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaxRptExpireIntvlOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMaxRptExpireIntvlOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaxRptExpireIntvlOk returns a tuple with the MaxRptExpireIntvl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaxRptExpireIntvl

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetMaxRptExpireIntvl(v int32)`

SetMaxRptExpireIntvl sets MaxRptExpireIntvl field to given value.

### HasMaxRptExpireIntvl

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasMaxRptExpireIntvl() bool`

HasMaxRptExpireIntvl returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSamplingInterval

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSamplingInterval() int32`

GetSamplingInterval returns the SamplingInterval field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSamplingIntervalOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSamplingIntervalOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetSamplingIntervalOk returns a tuple with the SamplingInterval field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSamplingInterval

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetSamplingInterval(v int32)`

SetSamplingInterval sets SamplingInterval field to given value.

### HasSamplingInterval

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasSamplingInterval() bool`

HasSamplingInterval returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReportingLocEstInd

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetReportingLocEstInd() bool`

GetReportingLocEstInd returns the ReportingLocEstInd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReportingLocEstIndOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetReportingLocEstIndOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetReportingLocEstIndOk returns a tuple with the ReportingLocEstInd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReportingLocEstInd

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetReportingLocEstInd(v bool)`

SetReportingLocEstInd sets ReportingLocEstInd field to given value.

### HasReportingLocEstInd

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasReportingLocEstInd() bool`

HasReportingLocEstInd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLinearDistance

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetLinearDistance() int32`

GetLinearDistance returns the LinearDistance field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLinearDistanceOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetLinearDistanceOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetLinearDistanceOk returns a tuple with the LinearDistance field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLinearDistance

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetLinearDistance(v int32)`

SetLinearDistance sets LinearDistance field to given value.

### HasLinearDistance

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasLinearDistance() bool`

HasLinearDistance returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLocQoS

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetLocQoS() LocationQoS`

GetLocQoS returns the LocQoS field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLocQoSOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetLocQoSOk() (*LocationQoS, bool)`

GetLocQoSOk returns a tuple with the LocQoS field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLocQoS

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetLocQoS(v LocationQoS)`

SetLocQoS sets LocQoS field to given value.

### HasLocQoS

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasLocQoS() bool`

HasLocQoS returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSvcId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSvcId() string`

GetSvcId returns the SvcId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSvcIdOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSvcIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSvcIdOk returns a tuple with the SvcId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSvcId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetSvcId(v string)`

SetSvcId sets SvcId field to given value.

### HasSvcId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasSvcId() bool`

HasSvcId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLdrType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetLdrType() LdrType`

GetLdrType returns the LdrType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLdrTypeOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetLdrTypeOk() (*LdrType, bool)`

GetLdrTypeOk returns a tuple with the LdrType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLdrType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetLdrType(v LdrType)`

SetLdrType sets LdrType field to given value.

### HasLdrType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasLdrType() bool`

HasLdrType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVelocityRequested

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetVelocityRequested() VelocityRequested`

GetVelocityRequested returns the VelocityRequested field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVelocityRequestedOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetVelocityRequestedOk() (*VelocityRequested, bool)`

GetVelocityRequestedOk returns a tuple with the VelocityRequested field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVelocityRequested

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetVelocityRequested(v VelocityRequested)`

SetVelocityRequested sets VelocityRequested field to given value.

### HasVelocityRequested

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasVelocityRequested() bool`

HasVelocityRequested returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMaxAgeOfLocEst

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMaxAgeOfLocEst() int32`

GetMaxAgeOfLocEst returns the MaxAgeOfLocEst field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaxAgeOfLocEstOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMaxAgeOfLocEstOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaxAgeOfLocEstOk returns a tuple with the MaxAgeOfLocEst field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaxAgeOfLocEst

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetMaxAgeOfLocEst(v int32)`

SetMaxAgeOfLocEst sets MaxAgeOfLocEst field to given value.

### HasMaxAgeOfLocEst

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasMaxAgeOfLocEst() bool`

HasMaxAgeOfLocEst returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLocTimeWindow

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetLocTimeWindow() TimeWindow`

GetLocTimeWindow returns the LocTimeWindow field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLocTimeWindowOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetLocTimeWindowOk() (*TimeWindow, bool)`

GetLocTimeWindowOk returns a tuple with the LocTimeWindow field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLocTimeWindow

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetLocTimeWindow(v TimeWindow)`

SetLocTimeWindow sets LocTimeWindow field to given value.

### HasLocTimeWindow

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasLocTimeWindow() bool`

HasLocTimeWindow returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSupportedGADShapes

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSupportedGADShapes() []SupportedGADShapes`

GetSupportedGADShapes returns the SupportedGADShapes field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSupportedGADShapesOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSupportedGADShapesOk() (*[]SupportedGADShapes, bool)`

GetSupportedGADShapesOk returns a tuple with the SupportedGADShapes field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSupportedGADShapes

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetSupportedGADShapes(v []SupportedGADShapes)`

SetSupportedGADShapes sets SupportedGADShapes field to given value.

### HasSupportedGADShapes

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasSupportedGADShapes() bool`

HasSupportedGADShapes returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCodeWord

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetCodeWord() string`

GetCodeWord returns the CodeWord field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCodeWordOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetCodeWordOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCodeWordOk returns a tuple with the CodeWord field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCodeWord

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetCodeWord(v string)`

SetCodeWord sets CodeWord field to given value.

### HasCodeWord

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasCodeWord() bool`

HasCodeWord returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAssociationType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAssociationType() AssociationType`

GetAssociationType returns the AssociationType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAssociationTypeOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAssociationTypeOk() (*AssociationType, bool)`

GetAssociationTypeOk returns a tuple with the AssociationType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAssociationType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetAssociationType(v AssociationType)`

SetAssociationType sets AssociationType field to given value.

### HasAssociationType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasAssociationType() bool`

HasAssociationType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPlmnIndication

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetPlmnIndication() bool`

GetPlmnIndication returns the PlmnIndication field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPlmnIndicationOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetPlmnIndicationOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetPlmnIndicationOk returns a tuple with the PlmnIndication field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPlmnIndication

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetPlmnIndication(v bool)`

SetPlmnIndication sets PlmnIndication field to given value.

### HasPlmnIndication

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasPlmnIndication() bool`

HasPlmnIndication returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLocationArea

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetLocationArea() LocationArea`

GetLocationArea returns the LocationArea field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLocationAreaOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetLocationAreaOk() (*LocationArea, bool)`

GetLocationAreaOk returns a tuple with the LocationArea field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLocationArea

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetLocationArea(v LocationArea)`

SetLocationArea sets LocationArea field to given value.

### HasLocationArea

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasLocationArea() bool`

HasLocationArea returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLocationArea5G

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetLocationArea5G() LocationArea5G`

GetLocationArea5G returns the LocationArea5G field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLocationArea5GOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetLocationArea5GOk() (*LocationArea5G, bool)`

GetLocationArea5GOk returns a tuple with the LocationArea5G field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLocationArea5G

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetLocationArea5G(v LocationArea5G)`

SetLocationArea5G sets LocationArea5G field to given value.

### HasLocationArea5G

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasLocationArea5G() bool`

HasLocationArea5G returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDddTraDescriptors

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetDddTraDescriptors() []DddTrafficDescriptor`

GetDddTraDescriptors returns the DddTraDescriptors field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDddTraDescriptorsOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetDddTraDescriptorsOk() (*[]DddTrafficDescriptor, bool)`

GetDddTraDescriptorsOk returns a tuple with the DddTraDescriptors field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDddTraDescriptors

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetDddTraDescriptors(v []DddTrafficDescriptor)`

SetDddTraDescriptors sets DddTraDescriptors field to given value.

### HasDddTraDescriptors

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasDddTraDescriptors() bool`

HasDddTraDescriptors returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDddStati

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetDddStati() []DlDataDeliveryStatus`

GetDddStati returns the DddStati field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDddStatiOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetDddStatiOk() (*[]DlDataDeliveryStatus, bool)`

GetDddStatiOk returns a tuple with the DddStati field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDddStati

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetDddStati(v []DlDataDeliveryStatus)`

SetDddStati sets DddStati field to given value.

### HasDddStati

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasDddStati() bool`

HasDddStati returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetApiNames

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetApiNames() []string`

GetApiNames returns the ApiNames field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetApiNamesOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetApiNamesOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetApiNamesOk returns a tuple with the ApiNames field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetApiNames

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetApiNames(v []string)`

SetApiNames sets ApiNames field to given value.

### HasApiNames

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasApiNames() bool`

HasApiNames returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMonitoringEventReport

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMonitoringEventReport() MonitoringEventReport`

GetMonitoringEventReport returns the MonitoringEventReport field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMonitoringEventReportOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetMonitoringEventReportOk() (*MonitoringEventReport, bool)`

GetMonitoringEventReportOk returns a tuple with the MonitoringEventReport field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMonitoringEventReport

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetMonitoringEventReport(v MonitoringEventReport)`

SetMonitoringEventReport sets MonitoringEventReport field to given value.

### HasMonitoringEventReport

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasMonitoringEventReport() bool`

HasMonitoringEventReport returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSnssai

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSnssai() Snssai`

GetSnssai returns the Snssai field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSnssaiOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSnssaiOk() (*Snssai, bool)`

GetSnssaiOk returns a tuple with the Snssai field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSnssai

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetSnssai(v Snssai)`

SetSnssai sets Snssai field to given value.

### HasSnssai

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasSnssai() bool`

HasSnssai returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTgtNsThreshold

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetTgtNsThreshold() SACInfo`

GetTgtNsThreshold returns the TgtNsThreshold field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTgtNsThresholdOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetTgtNsThresholdOk() (*SACInfo, bool)`

GetTgtNsThresholdOk returns a tuple with the TgtNsThreshold field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTgtNsThreshold

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetTgtNsThreshold(v SACInfo)`

SetTgtNsThreshold sets TgtNsThreshold field to given value.

### HasTgtNsThreshold

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasTgtNsThreshold() bool`

HasTgtNsThreshold returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNsRepFormat

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetNsRepFormat() SACRepFormat`

GetNsRepFormat returns the NsRepFormat field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNsRepFormatOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetNsRepFormatOk() (*SACRepFormat, bool)`

GetNsRepFormatOk returns a tuple with the NsRepFormat field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNsRepFormat

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetNsRepFormat(v SACRepFormat)`

SetNsRepFormat sets NsRepFormat field to given value.

### HasNsRepFormat

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasNsRepFormat() bool`

HasNsRepFormat returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAfServiceId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAfServiceId() string`

GetAfServiceId returns the AfServiceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAfServiceIdOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAfServiceIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAfServiceIdOk returns a tuple with the AfServiceId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAfServiceId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetAfServiceId(v string)`

SetAfServiceId sets AfServiceId field to given value.

### HasAfServiceId

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasAfServiceId() bool`

HasAfServiceId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetImmediateRep

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetImmediateRep() bool`

GetImmediateRep returns the ImmediateRep field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetImmediateRepOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetImmediateRepOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetImmediateRepOk returns a tuple with the ImmediateRep field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetImmediateRep

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetImmediateRep(v bool)`

SetImmediateRep sets ImmediateRep field to given value.

### HasImmediateRep

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasImmediateRep() bool`

HasImmediateRep returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUavPolicy

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetUavPolicy() UavPolicy`

GetUavPolicy returns the UavPolicy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUavPolicyOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetUavPolicyOk() (*UavPolicy, bool)`

GetUavPolicyOk returns a tuple with the UavPolicy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUavPolicy

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetUavPolicy(v UavPolicy)`

SetUavPolicy sets UavPolicy field to given value.

### HasUavPolicy

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasUavPolicy() bool`

HasUavPolicy returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSesEstInd

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSesEstInd() bool`

GetSesEstInd returns the SesEstInd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSesEstIndOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSesEstIndOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSesEstIndOk returns a tuple with the SesEstInd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSesEstInd

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetSesEstInd(v bool)`

SetSesEstInd sets SesEstInd field to given value.

### HasSesEstInd

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasSesEstInd() bool`

HasSesEstInd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSubType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSubType() SubType`

GetSubType returns the SubType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubTypeOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetSubTypeOk() (*SubType, bool)`

GetSubTypeOk returns a tuple with the SubType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetSubType(v SubType)`

SetSubType sets SubType field to given value.

### HasSubType

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasSubType() bool`

HasSubType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAddnMonTypes

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAddnMonTypes() []MonitoringType`

GetAddnMonTypes returns the AddnMonTypes field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddnMonTypesOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAddnMonTypesOk() (*[]MonitoringType, bool)`

GetAddnMonTypesOk returns a tuple with the AddnMonTypes field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddnMonTypes

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetAddnMonTypes(v []MonitoringType)`

SetAddnMonTypes sets AddnMonTypes field to given value.

### HasAddnMonTypes

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasAddnMonTypes() bool`

HasAddnMonTypes returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAddnMonEventReports

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAddnMonEventReports() []MonitoringEventReport`

GetAddnMonEventReports returns the AddnMonEventReports field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddnMonEventReportsOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetAddnMonEventReportsOk() (*[]MonitoringEventReport, bool)`

GetAddnMonEventReportsOk returns a tuple with the AddnMonEventReports field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddnMonEventReports

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetAddnMonEventReports(v []MonitoringEventReport)`

SetAddnMonEventReports sets AddnMonEventReports field to given value.

### HasAddnMonEventReports

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasAddnMonEventReports() bool`

HasAddnMonEventReports returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUeIpAddr

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetUeIpAddr() IpAddr`

GetUeIpAddr returns the UeIpAddr field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUeIpAddrOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetUeIpAddrOk() (*IpAddr, bool)`

GetUeIpAddrOk returns a tuple with the UeIpAddr field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUeIpAddr

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetUeIpAddr(v IpAddr)`

SetUeIpAddr sets UeIpAddr field to given value.

### HasUeIpAddr

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasUeIpAddr() bool`

HasUeIpAddr returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUeMacAddr

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetUeMacAddr() string`

GetUeMacAddr returns the UeMacAddr field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUeMacAddrOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetUeMacAddrOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUeMacAddrOk returns a tuple with the UeMacAddr field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUeMacAddr

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetUeMacAddr(v string)`

SetUeMacAddr sets UeMacAddr field to given value.

### HasUeMacAddr

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasUeMacAddr() bool`

HasUeMacAddr returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRevocationNotifUri

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetRevocationNotifUri() string`

GetRevocationNotifUri returns the RevocationNotifUri field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRevocationNotifUriOk

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) GetRevocationNotifUriOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRevocationNotifUriOk returns a tuple with the RevocationNotifUri field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRevocationNotifUri

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) SetRevocationNotifUri(v string)`

SetRevocationNotifUri sets RevocationNotifUri field to given value.

### HasRevocationNotifUri

`func (o *MonitoringEventSubscription) HasRevocationNotifUri() bool`

HasRevocationNotifUri returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


