# TrafficInfluSub

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AfServiceId** | Pointer to **string** | Identifies a service on behalf of which the AF is issuing the request. | [optional] 
**AfAppId** | Pointer to **string** | Identifies an application. | [optional] 
**AfTransId** | Pointer to **string** | Identifies an NEF Northbound interface transaction, generated by the AF. | [optional] 
**AppReloInd** | Pointer to **bool** | Identifies whether an application can be relocated once a location of the application has been selected.  | [optional] 
**Dnn** | Pointer to **string** | String representing a Data Network as defined in clause 9A of 3GPP TS 23.003;  it shall contain either a DNN Network Identifier, or a full DNN with both the Network  Identifier and Operator Identifier, as specified in 3GPP TS 23.003 clause 9.1.1 and 9.1.2. It shall be coded as string in which the labels are separated by dots  (e.g. \&quot;Label1.Label2.Label3\&quot;).  | [optional] 
**Snssai** | Pointer to [**Snssai**](Snssai.md) |  | [optional] 
**ExternalGroupId** | Pointer to **string** | string containing a local identifier followed by \&quot;@\&quot; and a domain identifier. Both the local identifier and the domain identifier shall be encoded as strings that do not contain any \&quot;@\&quot; characters. See Clauses 4.6.2 and 4.6.3 of 3GPP TS 23.682 for more information. | [optional] 
**AnyUeInd** | Pointer to **bool** | Identifies whether the AF request applies to any UE. This attribute shall set to \&quot;true\&quot; if applicable for any UE, otherwise, set to \&quot;false\&quot;.  | [optional] 
**SubscribedEvents** | Pointer to [**[]SubscribedEvent**](SubscribedEvent.md) | Identifies the requirement to be notified of the event(s). | [optional] 
**Gpsi** | Pointer to **string** | String identifying a Gpsi shall contain either an External Id or an MSISDN.  It shall be formatted as follows -External Identifier&#x3D; \&quot;extid-&#39;extid&#39;, where &#39;extid&#39;  shall be formatted according to clause 19.7.2 of 3GPP TS 23.003 that describes an  External Identifier.   | [optional] 
**Ipv4Addr** | Pointer to **string** | string identifying a Ipv4 address formatted in the \&quot;dotted decimal\&quot; notation as defined in IETF RFC 1166. | [optional] 
**IpDomain** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Ipv6Addr** | Pointer to **string** | string identifying a Ipv6 address formatted according to clause 4 in IETF RFC 5952. The mixed Ipv4 Ipv6 notation according to clause 5 of IETF RFC 5952 shall not be used. | [optional] 
**MacAddr** | Pointer to **string** | String identifying a MAC address formatted in the hexadecimal notation according to clause 1.1 and clause 2.1 of RFC 7042.  | [optional] 
**DnaiChgType** | Pointer to [**DnaiChangeType**](DnaiChangeType.md) |  | [optional] 
**NotificationDestination** | Pointer to **string** | string formatted according to IETF RFC 3986 identifying a referenced resource. | [optional] 
**RequestTestNotification** | Pointer to **bool** | Set to true by the SCS/AS to request the NEF to send a test notification as defined in clause 5.2.5.3. Set to false or omitted otherwise.  | [optional] 
**WebsockNotifConfig** | Pointer to [**WebsockNotifConfig**](WebsockNotifConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**Self** | Pointer to **string** | string formatted according to IETF RFC 3986 identifying a referenced resource. | [optional] 
**TrafficFilters** | Pointer to [**[]FlowInfo**](FlowInfo.md) | Identifies IP packet filters. | [optional] 
**EthTrafficFilters** | Pointer to [**[]EthFlowDescription**](EthFlowDescription.md) | Identifies Ethernet packet filters. | [optional] 
**TrafficRoutes** | Pointer to [**[]RouteToLocation**](RouteToLocation.md) | Identifies the N6 traffic routing requirement. | [optional] 
**TfcCorrInd** | Pointer to **bool** |  | [optional] 
**TempValidities** | Pointer to [**[]TemporalValidity**](TemporalValidity.md) |  | [optional] 
**ValidGeoZoneIds** | Pointer to **[]string** | Identifies a geographic zone that the AF request applies only to the traffic of UE(s) located in this specific zone.  | [optional] 
**GeoAreas** | Pointer to [**[]GeographicalArea**](GeographicalArea.md) | Identifies geographical areas within which the AF request applies. | [optional] 
**AfAckInd** | Pointer to **bool** |  | [optional] 
**AddrPreserInd** | Pointer to **bool** |  | [optional] 
**SimConnInd** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates whether simultaneous connectivity should be temporarily maintained for the source and target PSA.  | [optional] 
**SimConnTerm** | Pointer to **int32** | indicating a time in seconds. | [optional] 
**MaxAllowedUpLat** | Pointer to **int32** | Unsigned Integer, i.e. only value 0 and integers above 0 are permissible. | [optional] 
**EasIpReplaceInfos** | Pointer to [**[]EasIpReplacementInfo**](EasIpReplacementInfo.md) | Contains EAS IP replacement information. | [optional] 
**EasRedisInd** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates the EAS rediscovery is required for the application if it is included and set to \&quot;true\&quot;. | [optional] 
**EventReq** | Pointer to [**ReportingInformation**](ReportingInformation.md) |  | [optional] 
**EventReports** | Pointer to [**[]EventNotification**](EventNotification.md) |  | [optional] 
**SuppFeat** | Pointer to **string** | A string used to indicate the features supported by an API that is used as defined in clause  6.6 in 3GPP TS 29.500. The string shall contain a bitmask indicating supported features in  hexadecimal representation Each character in the string shall take a value of \&quot;0\&quot; to \&quot;9\&quot;,  \&quot;a\&quot; to \&quot;f\&quot; or \&quot;A\&quot; to \&quot;F\&quot; and shall represent the support of 4 features as described in  table 5.2.2-3. The most significant character representing the highest-numbered features shall  appear first in the string, and the character representing features 1 to 4 shall appear last  in the string. The list of features and their numbering (starting with 1) are defined  separately for each API. If the string contains a lower number of characters than there are  defined features for an API, all features that would be represented by characters that are not  present in the string are not supported.  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewTrafficInfluSub

`func NewTrafficInfluSub() *TrafficInfluSub`

NewTrafficInfluSub instantiates a new TrafficInfluSub object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewTrafficInfluSubWithDefaults

`func NewTrafficInfluSubWithDefaults() *TrafficInfluSub`

NewTrafficInfluSubWithDefaults instantiates a new TrafficInfluSub object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAfServiceId

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetAfServiceId() string`

GetAfServiceId returns the AfServiceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAfServiceIdOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetAfServiceIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAfServiceIdOk returns a tuple with the AfServiceId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAfServiceId

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetAfServiceId(v string)`

SetAfServiceId sets AfServiceId field to given value.

### HasAfServiceId

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasAfServiceId() bool`

HasAfServiceId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAfAppId

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetAfAppId() string`

GetAfAppId returns the AfAppId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAfAppIdOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetAfAppIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAfAppIdOk returns a tuple with the AfAppId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAfAppId

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetAfAppId(v string)`

SetAfAppId sets AfAppId field to given value.

### HasAfAppId

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasAfAppId() bool`

HasAfAppId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAfTransId

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetAfTransId() string`

GetAfTransId returns the AfTransId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAfTransIdOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetAfTransIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAfTransIdOk returns a tuple with the AfTransId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAfTransId

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetAfTransId(v string)`

SetAfTransId sets AfTransId field to given value.

### HasAfTransId

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasAfTransId() bool`

HasAfTransId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAppReloInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetAppReloInd() bool`

GetAppReloInd returns the AppReloInd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppReloIndOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetAppReloIndOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAppReloIndOk returns a tuple with the AppReloInd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppReloInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetAppReloInd(v bool)`

SetAppReloInd sets AppReloInd field to given value.

### HasAppReloInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasAppReloInd() bool`

HasAppReloInd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDnn

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetDnn() string`

GetDnn returns the Dnn field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDnnOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetDnnOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDnnOk returns a tuple with the Dnn field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDnn

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetDnn(v string)`

SetDnn sets Dnn field to given value.

### HasDnn

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasDnn() bool`

HasDnn returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSnssai

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetSnssai() Snssai`

GetSnssai returns the Snssai field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSnssaiOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetSnssaiOk() (*Snssai, bool)`

GetSnssaiOk returns a tuple with the Snssai field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSnssai

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetSnssai(v Snssai)`

SetSnssai sets Snssai field to given value.

### HasSnssai

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasSnssai() bool`

HasSnssai returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExternalGroupId

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetExternalGroupId() string`

GetExternalGroupId returns the ExternalGroupId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExternalGroupIdOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetExternalGroupIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetExternalGroupIdOk returns a tuple with the ExternalGroupId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExternalGroupId

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetExternalGroupId(v string)`

SetExternalGroupId sets ExternalGroupId field to given value.

### HasExternalGroupId

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasExternalGroupId() bool`

HasExternalGroupId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAnyUeInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetAnyUeInd() bool`

GetAnyUeInd returns the AnyUeInd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAnyUeIndOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetAnyUeIndOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAnyUeIndOk returns a tuple with the AnyUeInd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAnyUeInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetAnyUeInd(v bool)`

SetAnyUeInd sets AnyUeInd field to given value.

### HasAnyUeInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasAnyUeInd() bool`

HasAnyUeInd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSubscribedEvents

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetSubscribedEvents() []SubscribedEvent`

GetSubscribedEvents returns the SubscribedEvents field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubscribedEventsOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetSubscribedEventsOk() (*[]SubscribedEvent, bool)`

GetSubscribedEventsOk returns a tuple with the SubscribedEvents field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubscribedEvents

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetSubscribedEvents(v []SubscribedEvent)`

SetSubscribedEvents sets SubscribedEvents field to given value.

### HasSubscribedEvents

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasSubscribedEvents() bool`

HasSubscribedEvents returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetGpsi

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetGpsi() string`

GetGpsi returns the Gpsi field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetGpsiOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetGpsiOk() (*string, bool)`

GetGpsiOk returns a tuple with the Gpsi field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetGpsi

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetGpsi(v string)`

SetGpsi sets Gpsi field to given value.

### HasGpsi

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasGpsi() bool`

HasGpsi returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIpv4Addr

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetIpv4Addr() string`

GetIpv4Addr returns the Ipv4Addr field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIpv4AddrOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetIpv4AddrOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIpv4AddrOk returns a tuple with the Ipv4Addr field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIpv4Addr

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetIpv4Addr(v string)`

SetIpv4Addr sets Ipv4Addr field to given value.

### HasIpv4Addr

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasIpv4Addr() bool`

HasIpv4Addr returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIpDomain

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetIpDomain() string`

GetIpDomain returns the IpDomain field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIpDomainOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetIpDomainOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIpDomainOk returns a tuple with the IpDomain field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIpDomain

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetIpDomain(v string)`

SetIpDomain sets IpDomain field to given value.

### HasIpDomain

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasIpDomain() bool`

HasIpDomain returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIpv6Addr

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetIpv6Addr() string`

GetIpv6Addr returns the Ipv6Addr field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIpv6AddrOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetIpv6AddrOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIpv6AddrOk returns a tuple with the Ipv6Addr field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIpv6Addr

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetIpv6Addr(v string)`

SetIpv6Addr sets Ipv6Addr field to given value.

### HasIpv6Addr

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasIpv6Addr() bool`

HasIpv6Addr returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMacAddr

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetMacAddr() string`

GetMacAddr returns the MacAddr field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMacAddrOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetMacAddrOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMacAddrOk returns a tuple with the MacAddr field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMacAddr

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetMacAddr(v string)`

SetMacAddr sets MacAddr field to given value.

### HasMacAddr

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasMacAddr() bool`

HasMacAddr returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDnaiChgType

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetDnaiChgType() DnaiChangeType`

GetDnaiChgType returns the DnaiChgType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDnaiChgTypeOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetDnaiChgTypeOk() (*DnaiChangeType, bool)`

GetDnaiChgTypeOk returns a tuple with the DnaiChgType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDnaiChgType

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetDnaiChgType(v DnaiChangeType)`

SetDnaiChgType sets DnaiChgType field to given value.

### HasDnaiChgType

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasDnaiChgType() bool`

HasDnaiChgType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNotificationDestination

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetNotificationDestination() string`

GetNotificationDestination returns the NotificationDestination field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNotificationDestinationOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetNotificationDestinationOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNotificationDestinationOk returns a tuple with the NotificationDestination field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNotificationDestination

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetNotificationDestination(v string)`

SetNotificationDestination sets NotificationDestination field to given value.

### HasNotificationDestination

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasNotificationDestination() bool`

HasNotificationDestination returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRequestTestNotification

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetRequestTestNotification() bool`

GetRequestTestNotification returns the RequestTestNotification field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRequestTestNotificationOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetRequestTestNotificationOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetRequestTestNotificationOk returns a tuple with the RequestTestNotification field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRequestTestNotification

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetRequestTestNotification(v bool)`

SetRequestTestNotification sets RequestTestNotification field to given value.

### HasRequestTestNotification

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasRequestTestNotification() bool`

HasRequestTestNotification returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetWebsockNotifConfig

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetWebsockNotifConfig() WebsockNotifConfig`

GetWebsockNotifConfig returns the WebsockNotifConfig field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetWebsockNotifConfigOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetWebsockNotifConfigOk() (*WebsockNotifConfig, bool)`

GetWebsockNotifConfigOk returns a tuple with the WebsockNotifConfig field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetWebsockNotifConfig

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetWebsockNotifConfig(v WebsockNotifConfig)`

SetWebsockNotifConfig sets WebsockNotifConfig field to given value.

### HasWebsockNotifConfig

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasWebsockNotifConfig() bool`

HasWebsockNotifConfig returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSelf

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetSelf() string`

GetSelf returns the Self field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSelfOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetSelfOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSelfOk returns a tuple with the Self field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSelf

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetSelf(v string)`

SetSelf sets Self field to given value.

### HasSelf

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasSelf() bool`

HasSelf returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTrafficFilters

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetTrafficFilters() []FlowInfo`

GetTrafficFilters returns the TrafficFilters field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTrafficFiltersOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetTrafficFiltersOk() (*[]FlowInfo, bool)`

GetTrafficFiltersOk returns a tuple with the TrafficFilters field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTrafficFilters

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetTrafficFilters(v []FlowInfo)`

SetTrafficFilters sets TrafficFilters field to given value.

### HasTrafficFilters

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasTrafficFilters() bool`

HasTrafficFilters returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEthTrafficFilters

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetEthTrafficFilters() []EthFlowDescription`

GetEthTrafficFilters returns the EthTrafficFilters field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEthTrafficFiltersOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetEthTrafficFiltersOk() (*[]EthFlowDescription, bool)`

GetEthTrafficFiltersOk returns a tuple with the EthTrafficFilters field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEthTrafficFilters

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetEthTrafficFilters(v []EthFlowDescription)`

SetEthTrafficFilters sets EthTrafficFilters field to given value.

### HasEthTrafficFilters

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasEthTrafficFilters() bool`

HasEthTrafficFilters returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTrafficRoutes

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetTrafficRoutes() []RouteToLocation`

GetTrafficRoutes returns the TrafficRoutes field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTrafficRoutesOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetTrafficRoutesOk() (*[]RouteToLocation, bool)`

GetTrafficRoutesOk returns a tuple with the TrafficRoutes field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTrafficRoutes

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetTrafficRoutes(v []RouteToLocation)`

SetTrafficRoutes sets TrafficRoutes field to given value.

### HasTrafficRoutes

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasTrafficRoutes() bool`

HasTrafficRoutes returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTfcCorrInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetTfcCorrInd() bool`

GetTfcCorrInd returns the TfcCorrInd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTfcCorrIndOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetTfcCorrIndOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetTfcCorrIndOk returns a tuple with the TfcCorrInd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTfcCorrInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetTfcCorrInd(v bool)`

SetTfcCorrInd sets TfcCorrInd field to given value.

### HasTfcCorrInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasTfcCorrInd() bool`

HasTfcCorrInd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTempValidities

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetTempValidities() []TemporalValidity`

GetTempValidities returns the TempValidities field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTempValiditiesOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetTempValiditiesOk() (*[]TemporalValidity, bool)`

GetTempValiditiesOk returns a tuple with the TempValidities field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTempValidities

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetTempValidities(v []TemporalValidity)`

SetTempValidities sets TempValidities field to given value.

### HasTempValidities

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasTempValidities() bool`

HasTempValidities returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetValidGeoZoneIds

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetValidGeoZoneIds() []string`

GetValidGeoZoneIds returns the ValidGeoZoneIds field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetValidGeoZoneIdsOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetValidGeoZoneIdsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetValidGeoZoneIdsOk returns a tuple with the ValidGeoZoneIds field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetValidGeoZoneIds

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetValidGeoZoneIds(v []string)`

SetValidGeoZoneIds sets ValidGeoZoneIds field to given value.

### HasValidGeoZoneIds

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasValidGeoZoneIds() bool`

HasValidGeoZoneIds returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetGeoAreas

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetGeoAreas() []GeographicalArea`

GetGeoAreas returns the GeoAreas field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetGeoAreasOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetGeoAreasOk() (*[]GeographicalArea, bool)`

GetGeoAreasOk returns a tuple with the GeoAreas field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetGeoAreas

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetGeoAreas(v []GeographicalArea)`

SetGeoAreas sets GeoAreas field to given value.

### HasGeoAreas

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasGeoAreas() bool`

HasGeoAreas returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAfAckInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetAfAckInd() bool`

GetAfAckInd returns the AfAckInd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAfAckIndOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetAfAckIndOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAfAckIndOk returns a tuple with the AfAckInd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAfAckInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetAfAckInd(v bool)`

SetAfAckInd sets AfAckInd field to given value.

### HasAfAckInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasAfAckInd() bool`

HasAfAckInd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAddrPreserInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetAddrPreserInd() bool`

GetAddrPreserInd returns the AddrPreserInd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAddrPreserIndOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetAddrPreserIndOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAddrPreserIndOk returns a tuple with the AddrPreserInd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAddrPreserInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetAddrPreserInd(v bool)`

SetAddrPreserInd sets AddrPreserInd field to given value.

### HasAddrPreserInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasAddrPreserInd() bool`

HasAddrPreserInd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSimConnInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetSimConnInd() bool`

GetSimConnInd returns the SimConnInd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSimConnIndOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetSimConnIndOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSimConnIndOk returns a tuple with the SimConnInd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSimConnInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetSimConnInd(v bool)`

SetSimConnInd sets SimConnInd field to given value.

### HasSimConnInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasSimConnInd() bool`

HasSimConnInd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSimConnTerm

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetSimConnTerm() int32`

GetSimConnTerm returns the SimConnTerm field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSimConnTermOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetSimConnTermOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetSimConnTermOk returns a tuple with the SimConnTerm field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSimConnTerm

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetSimConnTerm(v int32)`

SetSimConnTerm sets SimConnTerm field to given value.

### HasSimConnTerm

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasSimConnTerm() bool`

HasSimConnTerm returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMaxAllowedUpLat

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetMaxAllowedUpLat() int32`

GetMaxAllowedUpLat returns the MaxAllowedUpLat field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaxAllowedUpLatOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetMaxAllowedUpLatOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaxAllowedUpLatOk returns a tuple with the MaxAllowedUpLat field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaxAllowedUpLat

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetMaxAllowedUpLat(v int32)`

SetMaxAllowedUpLat sets MaxAllowedUpLat field to given value.

### HasMaxAllowedUpLat

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasMaxAllowedUpLat() bool`

HasMaxAllowedUpLat returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEasIpReplaceInfos

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetEasIpReplaceInfos() []EasIpReplacementInfo`

GetEasIpReplaceInfos returns the EasIpReplaceInfos field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEasIpReplaceInfosOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetEasIpReplaceInfosOk() (*[]EasIpReplacementInfo, bool)`

GetEasIpReplaceInfosOk returns a tuple with the EasIpReplaceInfos field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEasIpReplaceInfos

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetEasIpReplaceInfos(v []EasIpReplacementInfo)`

SetEasIpReplaceInfos sets EasIpReplaceInfos field to given value.

### HasEasIpReplaceInfos

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasEasIpReplaceInfos() bool`

HasEasIpReplaceInfos returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEasRedisInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetEasRedisInd() bool`

GetEasRedisInd returns the EasRedisInd field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEasRedisIndOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetEasRedisIndOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEasRedisIndOk returns a tuple with the EasRedisInd field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEasRedisInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetEasRedisInd(v bool)`

SetEasRedisInd sets EasRedisInd field to given value.

### HasEasRedisInd

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasEasRedisInd() bool`

HasEasRedisInd returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEventReq

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetEventReq() ReportingInformation`

GetEventReq returns the EventReq field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEventReqOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetEventReqOk() (*ReportingInformation, bool)`

GetEventReqOk returns a tuple with the EventReq field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEventReq

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetEventReq(v ReportingInformation)`

SetEventReq sets EventReq field to given value.

### HasEventReq

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasEventReq() bool`

HasEventReq returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEventReports

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetEventReports() []EventNotification`

GetEventReports returns the EventReports field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEventReportsOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetEventReportsOk() (*[]EventNotification, bool)`

GetEventReportsOk returns a tuple with the EventReports field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEventReports

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetEventReports(v []EventNotification)`

SetEventReports sets EventReports field to given value.

### HasEventReports

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasEventReports() bool`

HasEventReports returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSuppFeat

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetSuppFeat() string`

GetSuppFeat returns the SuppFeat field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSuppFeatOk

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) GetSuppFeatOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSuppFeatOk returns a tuple with the SuppFeat field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSuppFeat

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) SetSuppFeat(v string)`

SetSuppFeat sets SuppFeat field to given value.

### HasSuppFeat

`func (o *TrafficInfluSub) HasSuppFeat() bool`

HasSuppFeat returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


